_km_ppsspp_xtreme.hmod/readme.md, before:

-----------------------
Name: km_PPSSPP Xtreme
Version: 10-7-18
Creator: KMFDManic/madmonkey
Category: KMFDManic Experimental Core Set
Emulated System: Sony Playstation Portable
-----------------------
=== Core by libretro ===

Available executables and arguments to run Core:
- /bin/ppsspp <rom> <clover_args>

NOTE: PPSSPP uses 256+ MB memory, so only load 1 game at a time! 
Exit back to the main UI before attempting to load another.  Otherwise, you 
will very likely freeze RetroArch by maxing out and locking up said memory. Exiting
should be done normally, not by loading another Core, such as 2048!  It will take 
approximately 10-15 seconds to successfully exit any given game.  Be patient!  Auto
frame skip should also be disabled, and frame skip set to 0.  Frame skip at 1 will 
work well for many stubborn games.  But, if you get black screen, switch back to 0!

Hakchi module system by madmonkey

RetroArch Xtreme + HMODS maintained by KMFDManic/madmonkey/pcm

NES/SNES Mini shell integration by Cluster

Hakchi CE by Team Shinkansen (DanTheMan827/princess_daphie/skogaby/madmonkey)

(c) 2016-20xx

PPSSPP - a fast and portable PSP emulator
=========================================

Created by Henrik Rydgård

Additional code by many contributors, see the Credits screen

Originally released under the GPL 2.0 (and later) in November 2012

Official website:
https://www.ppsspp.org/

No BIOS file required to play, PPSSPP is in many ways a "HLE" emulator.

To contribute, see [the development page](https://www.ppsspp.org/development.html).

For the latest source code, see [our github page](https://github.com/hrydgard/ppsspp).

For build instructions and other development tutorials, see the [wiki](https://github.com/hrydgard/ppsspp/wiki).


What's new in 1.5.4
-------------------
* Bugfixes and crashfixes!

What's new in 1.5.0
-------------------
* Full Vulkan support, also for Android now. Very fast on supported devices. (#10033, #10049)
* Smarter graphics state management, reduced CPU consumption on all backends (#9899)
* Android: Support for Arabic and other scripts we couldn't support before
* Fix Android widgets, screen scaling (#10145)
* Fixes to video dumping
* Geometry problems fixed in Medal of Honor
* Implement immediate draws, fixing Thrillville (#7459)
* Software rendering improvements, speed and accuracy
* Hardware tesselation of PSP Beziers and Splines (used by a few games)
* Partial sceUsbGps and sceUsbCam support (Android)
* Android "Sustained performance mode" to avoid thermal throttling (#9901)
* Linux controller mapping fixes (#9997)
* Assorted bugfixes and compatibility improvements

What's new in 1.4.2
-------------------
* Fixed longstanding bug causing games to crash on ARM64
* Software rendering crashfix, plus hide it for Android users
* D3D9 pixel offset bug fix (blurriness)
* Fixes for homebrew: Timing, MEMSIZE

What's new in 1.4.1
-------------------
* Fixes for some common hangs and crashes (#9698, ...)
* Vertex decoder optimizations (#9674)
* Corrections to mipmap bias and selection function (#9633)
* Major improvements and fixes to software renderer, including mipmap support (#9635, ...)
* UI background image support
* Basic mouse input support on Windows
* Windows desktop touch fixes (#9560)
* D3D11 "depal" color fixes, fixing Sonic Rivals
* Fix crash in framebuffer blits affecting Persona 3 (#9566)

What's new in 1.4-2
-------------------
* Bugfix release - build system didn't copy the flash0 directory to the APK on Android.

What's new in 1.4
-----------------
* Support D3D11 (performs better than OpenGL or D3D9 on most hardware)
* Audio quality improvement (linear interpolation) (#8950)
* Hardware spline/bezier tesselation in OpenGL, D3D11 and Vulkan (...)
* Post-processing shaders in D3D11
* Prescale UV setting removed, now the default (improves perf) (#9176)
* High DPI display fixes
* Various fixes for UMD switching for multi-UMD games (#9245, #9256)
* New audio setting to improve compatibility with Bluetooth headsets
* Various desktop gamepad compatibility fixes
* Workaround for mipmap issue, fixing fonts in Tactics Ogre Japanese
* Assorted minor compatibility fixes, code cleanup and performance improvements

Support for Symbian, Maemo and Blackberry has been removed.

What's new in 1.3.0
-------------------
* Fix JIT problems on Galaxy S7 and iOS 9+ devices. (#8965, #8937)
* Fix Android TV support and use latest FFmpeg. (#8651, #8870)
* Texture replacement support - for custom textures and upscaling. (#8715, #8821)
* Initial game recording / TAS features. (#8939, #8945)
* Correctly map memory on Raspberry Pi 3, much better performance. (#8801)
* Workaround rendering issues on Tegra K1/X1. (8294a54)
* Disc streaming to play quickly from tablet/phone on wifi. (#8845)
* Initial Vulkan support - not full featured yet. (#8601, etc.)
* Experimental new CPU backend and CPU fixes. (#8725)
* Allow insert/eject of memstick - required by some games. (#8889)
* Better support for ps3 controller mapping. (#8949)
* Better UI handling for settings with long names in some languages. (#8900, #8898)
* Screenshots in compatibility reporting, better website. (#8812)
* Fix type D cheat codes, allow for homebrew. (#8818)
* Graphic glitch fixes in several games. (#8686, #8757, #8804)
* Fix video playback glitches in several games. (#8793, #8803, #8867, #8914)
* Various performance and compatibility improvements. (#8868, #8884, #8932, #8934, #8813, #8701, #8960)
* Various debugger and GE debugger improvements. (#8882, #8762)
* Fix some problems when switching away from and back to the app (#8968)

What's new in 1.2.2
-------------------
* Went back to the old way of initializing graphics on Android. Should fix many recent issues.
* Some graphical fixes, a vertex cache performance improvement and a screen clear optimization
* Fix for dual source blending on most SHIELD devices, causing graphical issues.
* Fix the homebrew store incorrectly unzipping some games. This will lead to more games being added.
* Slightly faster ISO handling

What's new in 1.2.1
-------------------
* Fixes for some crash-on-shutdown and app switching problems.

What's new in 1.2.0
-------------------
* A major rework of sceAtrac audio decoding, fixing various music hangs and similar issues
* Many fixes and workarounds to depth and stencil buffer usage, and also FBO management
* Audio reverb support
* Combo keys - custom touch buttons that press multiple PSP buttons
* 5xBR upscaling on GPU (postprocessing effect)
* Fix problems with playback of video with mono audio
* Performance improvements like multithreaded audio mixing
* ARM64 JIT crash bug fixes
* GLSL shader cache to reduce stuttering ingame
* Support render-to-CLUT functionality that some games use to change colors of various monsters
* x86-64 support on Android
* Auto-hide on-screen controls after a while of no usage
* Fixes to prescale UV speedhack, now seems reliable
* Faster ISO RAM cache
* New UI for moving around the PSP display on larger screens
* Minor UI fixes like better slider controls
* Assorted stability fixes (ffmpeg crash, etc)
* Volume setting is back
* Preparations for supporting more graphics APIs
* AdHoc port offset
* Support another HD remaster (Sora no Kiseki Kai HD)

What's new in 1.1.1
-------------------
* Fixed new crash in Persona and other games on ARM64, like Galaxy S6
* Fixed crashes when trying to launch web browser when not present on Android, like on Android TV
* Fix crash in games that used "depal" functionality (OpenGL)
* Fixed rounding mode problems in the JITs
* Fix crash when loading savestates many times, and savestate compatibility on Android-x86
* Fix minor glitch in Ridge Racer

What's new in 1.1
-----------------
* Support for ARM64 on Android, for improved performance on new devices. Has some new optimizations.
* Support Android TV, like nVidia Shield TV
* Screen rotation on PC, useful for vertical games like Star Soldier
* Many minor performance improvements and compatibility bug fixes
* GPU emulation fixes like correct depth rounding, fixing text in Phantasy Star
* Other graphical fixes like UV rotation
* Support savestates for homebrew apps
* Simple integrated "Homebrew Store" to download PSP homebrew apps
* Minor AdHoc multiplayer improvements. Still many issues left.
* Disable a dangerous optimization on ARM, causing walk-through-walls in Tenchu
* sceAtrac music compatibility fixes, fixing noise in a few games
* Better texture scaling performance
* Direct3D closer in features to OpenGL
* Works better on BSD operating systems
* Savedata management UI

What's new in 1.0.1
-------------------
* Bugfixes like the save state scroll issue, cosmetic issues like overscroll
* Some cheat code bugfixes
* Adler32 and Mersenne Twister modules added (fixes some obscure games)
* Fix for Jak & Daxter slowdown
* Graphics hack for Phantasy Star Portable 2 for Direct3D9
* Fix compatibility with some PowerVR devices broken since v0.9.5-959-g4998044

What's new in 1.0
-----------------
* Many, many bug fixes in JIT and elsewhere, improving compatibility
* Proper fix for Zenfone and related devices
* Direct3D 9 supported as a rendering backend on Windows, helps on old GPUs and can be faster than OpenGL in many cases
* You can now create specific configs per game
* FPU rounding modes much better supported, fixes the Peace Walker boss that was undefeatable. NOTE: This breaks saves in Gods Eater - you must turn off the better rounding, load your save game, turn it on and save.
* The JIT now uses SSE on x86, improving speed considerably. This does not affect ARM devices, that's for the next version or two.
* Improved audio output code on both Windows and Android, reducing audio latency on Windows and on some Android systems
* FFMPEG upgraded, fixed some music hangs ("GHA phase shifts")
* Some Ad Hoc improvements, coldbird.net is now default adhoc server. Ad Hoc still unfinished and hard to use.
* Graphics fixes: Bezier/spline drawing fixes, vertex position fixes, DanganRonpa on Adreno fixed, flat shading fixed, vertex cache improved, some PowerVR blockiness issues fixed, screen scaling filter added, Google Cardboard support
* Simulate UMD speed better, fixing hangs in several games
* More Atrac3 fixes, fixing hangs
* Somewhat better disk full handling
* Fixes to dynamic unloading of code, fixing problems in GEB and TRM 2/3
* Updated to SDL2 where applicable (Linux, Mac)
* Some new features, like analog/dpad-swap hotkey, graphics hack for Phantasy Star, show last bit of debug log in dev tools, etc



ADHOC SUPPORT (by Igor Calabria)
================================
This is based on coldbird's code: https://code.google.com/archive/p/aemu/
All credit goes to him!

Status
------
Code is a bit of a mess and it's not fully functional yet, I still need to implement
some functions and add a upnp lib(really important for people with routers).

I did test it with some games(emulator <-> real psp with the server running locally)
and it's looking good:

* Worms Open Warfare: Ran just fine, I was able to play a whole match without problems
* Monster Hunter Freedom Unite: Runs fine too. Gathering Hall and embarking on quests works
* Dissidia Duodecim 012: Doesn't work. It requires some functions that I haven't implemented
yet. Also, it uses a port < 1000 and thats reserved for admin apps on linux, running the emu
as sudo "solves" it, but it's far from ideal.
* Pacman World Rally: Works too.

Update (Kyhel) :
---------------
* Now compiles on both Mac OSX and Windows. For more details on how to play and build
go to see there http://forums.ppsspp.org/showthread.php?tid=3595&pid=59241#pid59241
* Got it tested windows <-> mac osx <-> psp, it works
* Monster Hunter 3rd HD works too, as well as God Eater Burst.

Commit message:

2019 Alignment with Hakchi CE
Nuff Said:)  Many bug fixes and adjustments, Core Set wide!

_km_ppsspp_xtreme.hmod/readme.md, after:

-----------------------
Name: km_PPSSPP Xtreme
Version: 2-18-19
Creator: KMFDManic/madmonkey
Category: KMFDManic Experimental Core Set
Emulated System: Sony Playstation Portable
-----------------------
=== Core by libretro ===

Available executables and arguments to run Core:
- /bin/ppsspp <rom> <clover_args> (triggers PPSSPP Xtreme Mode Activate! - Requires RetroArch 1.7.5+!)
- /bin/ppsspp-standard <rom> <clover_args> (triggers PPSSPP Standard Mode Activate! - Works with RetroArch 1.7.4-1.7.5+!)

**Special Notes:**

Above Command Lines are for when you have both installed simultaneously.  If you just have PPSSPP Xtreme installed, you
will only need to use /bin/ppsspp  If Standard, then /bin/ppsspp-standard  For most users, PPSSPP Xtreme will be all one 
ever needs.  But, there are a select few special circumstances where having dual usage of PPSSPP Xtreme and Standard 
allows more finesse with some stubborn games!  

Xtreme Mode has higher compatibility and better accuracy.  But, some games that are stubborn, work better with Standard Mode!

In Xtreme Mode, defaults are absolutely required to be auto frame skip OFF, and at 0, ONLY.  The ONLY thing you can safely
change is frame skip between 0-1.  Otherwise, you may encounter flickering or black screen for games!  To exit games, simply
exit like any other Core, with RetroArch Exit or Controller Shortcut.  It may take up several seconds to exit, so be patient!
Xtreme Mode also allows _DUMMY Folder Method without first running from Main UI!

In Standard Mode, you can have auto frame skip on or off, and use frame skip anywhere from 0-9!  You will need to make
absolute sure you set auto frame skip back to OFF, and frame skip to 0, before utilizing Xtreme Mode again!  Or, you
will encounter graphical glitches.  To exit games, you can Load 2048 or Mr.Boom Cores, Start either/or, then exit safely!
You are required to run the initial game from Main UI when using Standard Mode!

It is not, at all, recommended to shut down your Mini, after exiting a PSP game.  It uses quite a bit of memory, and you 
will have high probability of running into a C8 error.  Load up any other game, THEN shutdown to minimize chance of C8.

NOTE: PPSSPP uses 256+ MB memory, so only load 1 game at a time! 
Exit back to the main UI before attempting to load another.  Otherwise, you 
will very likely freeze RetroArch by maxing out and locking up said memory. Exiting
should be done normally, not by loading another Core, such as 2048!  It will take 
approximately 10-15 seconds to successfully exit any given game.  Be patient!  Auto
frame skip should also be disabled, and frame skip set to 0.  Frame skip at 1 will 
work well for many stubborn games.  But, if you get black screen, switch back to 0!

Hakchi module system by madmonkey

RetroArch Xtreme + HMODS maintained by KMFDManic/madmonkey/pcm

NES/SNES Mini shell integration by Cluster

Hakchi CE by Team Shinkansen (DanTheMan827/princess_daphie/skogaby/madmonkey)

(c) 2016-20xx

PPSSPP - a fast and portable PSP emulator
=========================================

Created by Henrik Rydgård

Additional code by many contributors, see the Credits screen

Originally released under the GPL 2.0 (and later) in November 2012

Official website:
https://www.ppsspp.org/

No BIOS file required to play, PPSSPP is in many ways a "HLE" emulator.

To contribute, see [the development page](https://www.ppsspp.org/development.html).

For the latest source code, see [our github page](https://github.com/hrydgard/ppsspp).

For build instructions and other development tutorials, see the [wiki](https://github.com/hrydgard/ppsspp/wiki).


What's new in 1.5.4
-------------------
* Bugfixes and crashfixes!

What's new in 1.5.0
-------------------
* Full Vulkan support, also for Android now. Very fast on supported devices. (#10033, #10049)
* Smarter graphics state management, reduced CPU consumption on all backends (#9899)
* Android: Support for Arabic and other scripts we couldn't support before
* Fix Android widgets, screen scaling (#10145)
* Fixes to video dumping
* Geometry problems fixed in Medal of Honor
* Implement immediate draws, fixing Thrillville (#7459)
* Software rendering improvements, speed and accuracy
* Hardware tesselation of PSP Beziers and Splines (used by a few games)
* Partial sceUsbGps and sceUsbCam support (Android)
* Android "Sustained performance mode" to avoid thermal throttling (#9901)
* Linux controller mapping fixes (#9997)
* Assorted bugfixes and compatibility improvements

What's new in 1.4.2
-------------------
* Fixed longstanding bug causing games to crash on ARM64
* Software rendering crashfix, plus hide it for Android users
* D3D9 pixel offset bug fix (blurriness)
* Fixes for homebrew: Timing, MEMSIZE

What's new in 1.4.1
-------------------
* Fixes for some common hangs and crashes (#9698, ...)
* Vertex decoder optimizations (#9674)
* Corrections to mipmap bias and selection function (#9633)
* Major improvements and fixes to software renderer, including mipmap support (#9635, ...)
* UI background image support
* Basic mouse input support on Windows
* Windows desktop touch fixes (#9560)
* D3D11 "depal" color fixes, fixing Sonic Rivals
* Fix crash in framebuffer blits affecting Persona 3 (#9566)

What's new in 1.4-2
-------------------
* Bugfix release - build system didn't copy the flash0 directory to the APK on Android.

What's new in 1.4
-----------------
* Support D3D11 (performs better than OpenGL or D3D9 on most hardware)
* Audio quality improvement (linear interpolation) (#8950)
* Hardware spline/bezier tesselation in OpenGL, D3D11 and Vulkan (...)
* Post-processing shaders in D3D11
* Prescale UV setting removed, now the default (improves perf) (#9176)
* High DPI display fixes
* Various fixes for UMD switching for multi-UMD games (#9245, #9256)
* New audio setting to improve compatibility with Bluetooth headsets
* Various desktop gamepad compatibility fixes
* Workaround for mipmap issue, fixing fonts in Tactics Ogre Japanese
* Assorted minor compatibility fixes, code cleanup and performance improvements

Support for Symbian, Maemo and Blackberry has been removed.

What's new in 1.3.0
-------------------
* Fix JIT problems on Galaxy S7 and iOS 9+ devices. (#8965, #8937)
* Fix Android TV support and use latest FFmpeg. (#8651, #8870)
* Texture replacement support - for custom textures and upscaling. (#8715, #8821)
* Initial game recording / TAS features. (#8939, #8945)
* Correctly map memory on Raspberry Pi 3, much better performance. (#8801)
* Workaround rendering issues on Tegra K1/X1. (8294a54)
* Disc streaming to play quickly from tablet/phone on wifi. (#8845)
* Initial Vulkan support - not full featured yet. (#8601, etc.)
* Experimental new CPU backend and CPU fixes. (#8725)
* Allow insert/eject of memstick - required by some games. (#8889)
* Better support for ps3 controller mapping. (#8949)
* Better UI handling for settings with long names in some languages. (#8900, #8898)
* Screenshots in compatibility reporting, better website. (#8812)
* Fix type D cheat codes, allow for homebrew. (#8818)
* Graphic glitch fixes in several games. (#8686, #8757, #8804)
* Fix video playback glitches in several games. (#8793, #8803, #8867, #8914)
* Various performance and compatibility improvements. (#8868, #8884, #8932, #8934, #8813, #8701, #8960)
* Various debugger and GE debugger improvements. (#8882, #8762)
* Fix some problems when switching away from and back to the app (#8968)

What's new in 1.2.2
-------------------
* Went back to the old way of initializing graphics on Android. Should fix many recent issues.
* Some graphical fixes, a vertex cache performance improvement and a screen clear optimization
* Fix for dual source blending on most SHIELD devices, causing graphical issues.
* Fix the homebrew store incorrectly unzipping some games. This will lead to more games being added.
* Slightly faster ISO handling

What's new in 1.2.1
-------------------
* Fixes for some crash-on-shutdown and app switching problems.

What's new in 1.2.0
-------------------
* A major rework of sceAtrac audio decoding, fixing various music hangs and similar issues
* Many fixes and workarounds to depth and stencil buffer usage, and also FBO management
* Audio reverb support
* Combo keys - custom touch buttons that press multiple PSP buttons
* 5xBR upscaling on GPU (postprocessing effect)
* Fix problems with playback of video with mono audio
* Performance improvements like multithreaded audio mixing
* ARM64 JIT crash bug fixes
* GLSL shader cache to reduce stuttering ingame
* Support render-to-CLUT functionality that some games use to change colors of various monsters
* x86-64 support on Android
* Auto-hide on-screen controls after a while of no usage
* Fixes to prescale UV speedhack, now seems reliable
* Faster ISO RAM cache
* New UI for moving around the PSP display on larger screens
* Minor UI fixes like better slider controls
* Assorted stability fixes (ffmpeg crash, etc)
* Volume setting is back
* Preparations for supporting more graphics APIs
* AdHoc port offset
* Support another HD remaster (Sora no Kiseki Kai HD)

What's new in 1.1.1
-------------------
* Fixed new crash in Persona and other games on ARM64, like Galaxy S6
* Fixed crashes when trying to launch web browser when not present on Android, like on Android TV
* Fix crash in games that used "depal" functionality (OpenGL)
* Fixed rounding mode problems in the JITs
* Fix crash when loading savestates many times, and savestate compatibility on Android-x86
* Fix minor glitch in Ridge Racer

What's new in 1.1
-----------------
* Support for ARM64 on Android, for improved performance on new devices. Has some new optimizations.
* Support Android TV, like nVidia Shield TV
* Screen rotation on PC, useful for vertical games like Star Soldier
* Many minor performance improvements and compatibility bug fixes
* GPU emulation fixes like correct depth rounding, fixing text in Phantasy Star
* Other graphical fixes like UV rotation
* Support savestates for homebrew apps
* Simple integrated "Homebrew Store" to download PSP homebrew apps
* Minor AdHoc multiplayer improvements. Still many issues left.
* Disable a dangerous optimization on ARM, causing walk-through-walls in Tenchu
* sceAtrac music compatibility fixes, fixing noise in a few games
* Better texture scaling performance
* Direct3D closer in features to OpenGL
* Works better on BSD operating systems
* Savedata management UI

What's new in 1.0.1
-------------------
* Bugfixes like the save state scroll issue, cosmetic issues like overscroll
* Some cheat code bugfixes
* Adler32 and Mersenne Twister modules added (fixes some obscure games)
* Fix for Jak & Daxter slowdown
* Graphics hack for Phantasy Star Portable 2 for Direct3D9
* Fix compatibility with some PowerVR devices broken since v0.9.5-959-g4998044

What's new in 1.0
-----------------
* Many, many bug fixes in JIT and elsewhere, improving compatibility
* Proper fix for Zenfone and related devices
* Direct3D 9 supported as a rendering backend on Windows, helps on old GPUs and can be faster than OpenGL in many cases
* You can now create specific configs per game
* FPU rounding modes much better supported, fixes the Peace Walker boss that was undefeatable. NOTE: This breaks saves in Gods Eater - you must turn off the better rounding, load your save game, turn it on and save.
* The JIT now uses SSE on x86, improving speed considerably. This does not affect ARM devices, that's for the next version or two.
* Improved audio output code on both Windows and Android, reducing audio latency on Windows and on some Android systems
* FFMPEG upgraded, fixed some music hangs ("GHA phase shifts")
* Some Ad Hoc improvements, coldbird.net is now default adhoc server. Ad Hoc still unfinished and hard to use.
* Graphics fixes: Bezier/spline drawing fixes, vertex position fixes, DanganRonpa on Adreno fixed, flat shading fixed, vertex cache improved, some PowerVR blockiness issues fixed, screen scaling filter added, Google Cardboard support
* Simulate UMD speed better, fixing hangs in several games
* More Atrac3 fixes, fixing hangs
* Somewhat better disk full handling
* Fixes to dynamic unloading of code, fixing problems in GEB and TRM 2/3
* Updated to SDL2 where applicable (Linux, Mac)
* Some new features, like analog/dpad-swap hotkey, graphics hack for Phantasy Star, show last bit of debug log in dev tools, etc



ADHOC SUPPORT (by Igor Calabria)
================================
This is based on coldbird's code: https://code.google.com/archive/p/aemu/
All credit goes to him!

Status
------
Code is a bit of a mess and it's not fully functional yet, I still need to implement
some functions and add a upnp lib(really important for people with routers).

I did test it with some games(emulator <-> real psp with the server running locally)
and it's looking good:

* Worms Open Warfare: Ran just fine, I was able to play a whole match without problems
* Monster Hunter Freedom Unite: Runs fine too. Gathering Hall and embarking on quests works
* Dissidia Duodecim 012: Doesn't work. It requires some functions that I haven't implemented
yet. Also, it uses a port < 1000 and thats reserved for admin apps on linux, running the emu
as sudo "solves" it, but it's far from ideal.
* Pacman World Rally: Works too.

Update (Kyhel) :
---------------
* Now compiles on both Mac OSX and Windows. For more details on how to play and build
go to see there http://forums.ppsspp.org/showthread.php?tid=3595&pid=59241#pid59241
* Got it tested windows <-> mac osx <-> psp, it works
* Monster Hunter 3rd HD works too, as well as God Eater Burst.
