_km_reicast_xtreme.hmod/readme.md, before:

-----------------------
Name: km_Reicast Xtreme
Version: 3-9-19
Creator: KMFDManic/madmonkey/Autechre/flyinghead
Category: KMFDManic Experimental Core Set
Emulated System: Sega Dreamcast
-----------------------
=== Core by libretro ===

Available executables and arguments to run Core:
- /bin/reicast <rom> <clover_args> (triggers Reicast Xtreme Mode Activate! - Requires RetroArch 1.7.5+!)
- /bin/reicast <rom> <clover_args> (triggers Reicast CHD Compression Mode Activate! - Requires RetroArch 1.7.5+!)
- /bin/reicast-standard <rom> <clover_args> (triggers Reicast Standard Mode Activate! - Works with RetroArch 1.7.4-1.7.5+!)

**Special Notes:**

Some Naomi/Atomiswave/Stubborn Dreamcast Games may work better in Reicast Standard Mode Activate,
due to the increased accuracy of Reicast Xtreme Mode Activate! /bin/reicast-standard

CHD Compression will only work with /bin/reicast-chd  And, there will be a performance drop, especially on
Mini NES/SNES...not so much PS Classic!  So, recommended to use this on lesser cpu/gpu intensive games, only!

Hakchi module system by madmonkey

RetroArch Xtreme + HMODS maintained by KMFDManic/madmonkey/pcm

NES/SNES Mini shell integration by Cluster

Hakchi CE by Team Shinkansen (DanTheMan827/princess_daphie/skogaby/madmonkey)

(c) 2016-20xx

Commit message:

More PS Classic Compability!
Nuff Said:)

_km_reicast_xtreme.hmod/readme.md, after:

-----------------------
Name: km_Reicast Xtreme
Version: 3-16-19
Creator: KMFDManic/madmonkey/Autechre/flyinghead
Category: KMFDManic Experimental Core Set
Emulated System: Sega Dreamcast
-----------------------
=== Core by libretro ===

Available executables and arguments to run Core:
- /bin/reicast <rom> <clover_args> (triggers Reicast Xtreme Mode Activate! - Requires RetroArch 1.7.5+!)
- /bin/reicast-accuracy <rom> <clover_args> (triggers Reicast Accuracy Mode Activate! - Requires RetroArch 1.7.5+!)
- /bin/reicast-standard <rom> <clover_args> (triggers Reicast Standard Mode Activate! - Works with RetroArch 1.7.4-1.7.5+!)

**Special Notes:**

Some Naomi/Atomiswave/Stubborn Dreamcast Games may work better in Reicast Standard Mode Activate,
due to the increased accuracy of Reicast Xtreme Mode Activate! /bin/reicast-standard

CHD Compression will work best with /bin/reicast (Xtreme Mode Activate!)
It also works with /bin/reicast-accuracy (Accuracy Mode Activate! But, at the cost of performance!)

Hakchi module system by madmonkey

RetroArch Xtreme + HMODS maintained by KMFDManic/madmonkey/pcm

NES/SNES Mini shell integration by Cluster

Hakchi CE by Team Shinkansen (DanTheMan827/princess_daphie/skogaby/madmonkey)

(c) 2016-20xx
